# Deploying F5 in AWS with Terraform
The AWS folder contains various deployments. All deployments utilize the F5 Automation Toolchain components for Declarative Onboarding (DO for L1-L3) and Application Services (AS3 for L4-L7) in order to asist in onboarding the BIG-IP and configuration. Telemetry Streaming (TS for analytics/logging) is also installed and ready for use.

  - **[Infrastructure Only](Infrastructure-only)** (updated March 2023) <br> This Terraform plan uses the AWS provider to build the basic infrastructure with VPC networks, subnets, routes, and internet gateway. Start here if you don't have an existing AWS network stack yet, and then move on to the other templates below. This will build one VPC with three subnets: mgmt, external, internal.
  - **[Autoscale via LB](Autoscale_via_lb)** (updated March 2023) <br> This Terraform plan deploys BIG-IP devices with 1-NIC in an AWS Auto Scaling Group (ASG). Each device is standalone, each device retrieves its onboarding from custom-data, and each device is treated as immutable. Network/Application changes are made to Terraform TF files (or DO and AS3 json files), and the AWS ASG will perform rolling upgrades of each BIG-IP as a result of modified custom-data. -- NEED TO VALIDATE THIS --
  - **[HA via API](HA_via_api)** <br> (updated March 2023) This Terraform plan uses the AWS provider to build the necessary AWS objects and a pair of BIG-IP devices with 3-NICs. The F5 Cloud Failover Extension (CFE) will call the AWS REST API and move cloud objects (ex. IPs, routes) during failover when the BIG-IP detects a problem with its peer. Traffic flows from client to F5 to backend app servers.
  - **[Standalone](Standalone)** <br> (updated March 2023) This Terraform plan uses the AWS provider to build the necessary AWS objects and a standalone BIG-IP device with 3-NICs. Traffic flows from client to F5 to backend app servers.
  - **[SSLO](SSL Orchestrator)** <br> (updated March 2023) This Terraform plan uses the AWS provider to build the necessary AWS objects and a standalone BIG-IP device with 7-NICs. Traffic flows from client to AWS Gateway Load Balancer to F5 to backend app servers.
