# Deploying F5 in Google GCP with Terraform
The GCP folder contains various deployments. All deployments utilize the F5 Automation Toolchain components for Declarative Onboarding (DO for L1-L3) and Application Services (AS3 for L4-L7) in order to asist in onboarding the BIG-IP and configuration. Telemetry Streaming (TS for analytics/logging) is also installed and ready for use.

  - **[Infrastructure Only](Infrastructure-only)** (updated March 2023) <br> This Terraform plan uses the Google provider to build the basic infrastructure with VPC networks, subnets, firewall rules, routes, and storage buckets. Start here if you don't have an existing GCP network stack yet, and then move on to the other templates below. This will build three VPCs with one subnet each: mgmt, external, internal.
  - **[Standalone](Standalone)** (updated March 2023) <br> This Terraform plan uses the Google provider to build the necessary Google objects and a standalone BIG-IP device with 3-NICs. Traffic flows from client to F5 to backend app servers.
  - **[Autoscale via LB](Autoscale_via_lb)** (updated March 2023) <br> This Terraform plan deploys BIG-IP devices with 1-NIC or 3-NICs in a Google Managed Instance Group (MIG). Each device is standalone, each device retrieves its onboarding from custom-data, and each device is treated as immutable. Network/Application changes are made to Terraform TF files (or DO and AS3 json files), and the Google MIG will perform rolling upgrades of each BIG-IP as a result of modified custom-data.
  - **[HA via API](HA_via_api)** (updated March 2023) <br> This Terraform plan uses the Google provider to build the necessary Google objects and a pair of BIG-IP devices with 3-NICs. The F5 Cloud Failover Extension (CFE) will call the Google REST API and move cloud objects (ex. IPs, routes) during failover when the BIG-IP detects a problem with its peer. Traffic flows from client to F5 to backend app servers.
  - **[HA via LB](HA_via_lb)** (updated March 2023) <br> This Terraform plan uses the Google provider to build the necessary Google objects and a pair of BIG-IP devices with 3-NICs. The Google LB is used to distribute traffic to the F5 BIG-IP devices for high availability and failover. Traffic flows from client to GLB/ILB to F5 to backend app servers.
